Resource Constrained Communities
Prof. Matt Jones (PI) is passionate about extending the Digital Economy work pioneered in the UK, and is engaged in shaping research in mobile and ubiquitous HCI. He has been Visiting Fellow at Nokia Research Finland, and an IBM Faculty Award recipient for work on the Spoken Web. He received a Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award (2014-2019) in recognition of his work in developing markets. He has been involved in several “digital divide” funded projects (e.g. EP/E006396/1, EP/H042857/2), leading to publications and an open source toolkit - including a digital storytelling app that has been downloaded over 20,000 times - to facilitate information sharing in challenging rural developing world contexts (www.digitaleconomytoolkit.org). Jones is an experienced PI and collaborator on EPSRC-funded, multidisciplinary projects. He has served on the MobileHCI Steering Committee for many years; was Co-Chair of CHI 2014 and sits on the EPSRC ICT Strategic Advisory Committee and the Digital Economy Programme Advisory Board.
Prof. Huw Bowen specialises in economic and global history and heritage-led regeneration. He leads Cu@Swansea, a major, multi-agency regeneration project (www.welshcopper.org.uk), and two international research networks.  He received the 2014 Swansea University Award for Outstanding Impact in Sport, Culture and the Arts, and is short-listed for a THE Award for excellence and innovation in the Arts (September 2014).  He was Co-I on Swansea University’s EPSRC-funded ‘Bridging the Gaps’ Project, and his work on digital heritage, regeneration and reconstruction was identified as one of RCUK’s “Big Ideas for the Future” (2011, p73).

Health
Prof. Harold Thimbleby has attracted c£12M research funding to date. He has been Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award Holder and Leverhulme Senior Research Fellow. His work in healthcare safety was highlighted in RCUK’s “Big Ideas for the Future” (2011, p33) and gained him honorary fellowships of the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) and RCP Edinburgh. He is Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and Fellow of the Institute of Engineering Technology. His team won the GE Healthcare Award for Outstanding Impact in Health and Wellbeing, (Swansea University, 2014).  He was PI on Swansea’s Bridging the Gaps programme.
Prof. Judith Phillips is Director of Swansea’s Research Institute for Applied Social Sciences, and directs the Older People and Ageing Research and Development Network in Wales. She is interested in the social, behavioural and environmental aspects of ageing. Her work is applied with extensive links to policy and practice, e.g. with Welsh Government and local authority social services. She was Co-I on Swansea’s Bridging the Gaps project, has secured £20M+ in funding from RCUK, EU and Welsh Government, and leads the Swansea arm of the ESRC all-Wales DTC.
Prof. David Ford is Director of the £8M ESRC-funded Administrative Data Research Centre Wales; Deputy Director of the £9.3M Centre for Improvement in Population Health through E-records Research, part of the Farr Institute of Health Informatics Research, and Director of the eHealth Industries Innovation Centre. He is University Director of NHS Wales Informatics Research Laboratories and Director of the SAIL Databank (www.saildatabank.com), an international data sharing facility with 9 billion linked anonymised records supporting £70M of funded projects, with 300+ users.  Ford is Director designate of the International Population Data Linkage Network.

Security
Dr Markus Roggenbach, Associate Professor in Computer Science, is an internationally recognised expert in process algebra, tool development for Formal Methods. He has published 70+ peer-reviewed articles, edited ~10 volumes, and given 30+ invited talks at universities in Europe, Africa, and Asia. He is an elected member of the IFIP WG 1.3 “Foundations of System Specification”. He has significant experience of technology transfer through regular co-operations with industry, including Siemens, Rolls-Royce, and McAfee.
Dr Stuart Macdonald, Associate Professor in Law, co-directs the multidisciplinary research Cyberterrorism project which produced the first ever survey of the global research community on cyberterrorism; three  major international symposia; two edited collections, examining the threat of terrorists launching cyberattacks (Springer 2014) and how terrorists use the Internet (Routledge 2015), and an internship within the Cyber Crime Unit at the Home Office. It has contributed to advanced training courses at NATO’s Centre of Excellence for Defence Against Terrorism.
